I
and our esteemed viewers are following the
April Buddhist news bulletin of the
Lộc Hòa Golden Club on
Thursday, May 25, 2017, which is April 30, 2017 (the 30th day of the 4th lunar month of the
year of the Rooster). The following are the
main contents of the
Buddha's Birthday celebration at Ba Vàng Pagoda,
held on the 8th day of the 4th lunar month of the year of the Rooster.
Members of the club performed
volunteer work during the monthly prayers for the deceased and the Eight Precepts practice
at Ba Vàng Pagoda. On the
9th day of the 4th lunar month of the year of the Rooster, the
Hạ Long Provincial Trading Company invited
monks from Ba Vàng Pagoda to perform a prayer ceremony for peace on
Tuần Châu Á Island
in Phạm Thị Yến Lake.
Members of the chanting group also chanted the
Vu Lan Sutra at funerals.
Activities took place on the 3rd, 8th, and
20th days of the 4th lunar month of the year of the Rooster. The following is a
detailed summary:
[Music]
A Buddha's Birthday season filled with fragrant
colors. Full Moon in April. Returning to the pagoda to
learn the practice of relaxation, listening to the sound of
Chinese music.  On the morning of April 8th,
2017 (the year of the Rooster), amidst the joyful atmosphere of
celebrating the Buddha's birthday,
thousands of Buddhists from various temples and
people from all directions flocked to Ba Vang Pagoda in
Uong Bi City, Quang Ninh Province, to attend the Eight Precepts Retreat
and Buddha's Birthday ceremony
at 8:00 AM. With sincere devotion and a
desire to practice, the
entire congregation received permission from Venerable Thich Truc Bao
Tien. Under the guidance of the master and the monks, the Three Refuges and Five Precepts were transmitted to the devout men and women, and the Eight Precepts were taught to the
Buddhists. Following this, the master and the monks proceeded to the Great Hall of the Buddha, offering incense and chanting scriptures
to celebrate the
Buddha's birthday. In the solemn Great Hall of the Buddha, the
congregation eagerly awaited the
reading of the
Buddha's Birthday message from the Venerable
Abbot of the Vietnam Buddhist Sangha.
The abbot also respectfully offered
words of gratitude to the Buddha, whom he greatly
revered.  The veil of ignorance brings
to the world the light of wisdom,
enlightenment, and liberation.
[Music] The
road is long,
but we always
believe in going to
school.
[Music]
Why is the person
like Tam? The part that took place before the witness
of the Venerable Monks and Nuns in the
joyful and respectful atmosphere of the congregation
carried the heartfelt wish to pray for the eternal
existence of
Buddhism and for all sentient beings in the Saha world to receive the
blessings of the compassionate Father Shakyamuni. On
the 8th, 14th, and 30th of the lunar calendar
at Ba Vang Pagoda, the committees of the
National Gold Club in the sea are working on logistics to
serve the people and Buddhists from all over the
country who come to the pagoda to attend the memorial service
and study. On the 14th, 30th, and 8th, the committees
in that club have specific plans
for the assigned work. The food committee prepares the menu
at least two days in advance,
then the menu is sent to the kitchen staff.
Members of the Hoang Thi group
arrange their time to select and purchase food
items that are both fresh and of high
quality.  The task
of preparing delicious dishes for the monks and the congregation was entrusted to the culinary committee. The
women helped those who
contributed to the ceremony receive the
full blessings of joyful generosity. Meanwhile, the
members of the shopping team
had the opportunity to share the offerings,
creating an environment for accumulating merit. The club
leaders also encouraged everyone to
practice observing their own minds while shopping,
examining whether their minds were as
balanced as their own when caring for their families. From
this, the women's hearts were filled with reverence, sincerity, and generosity.
Day after day,
their minds were cultivated with
virtuous qualities. If, in life, we
experience hardship or help someone who
doesn't show gratitude, we don't
resent them, but instead cultivate a joyful heart. That is the
true benefit of practicing in the
National Golden Club under the guidance of
club leader Pham Thi Yen, a
teacher who replaces and
propagates the Dharma.
On May 4th, 2017 (corresponding to the
9th day of the 4th lunar month of the Year of the Rooster), at the Great Hall of
Ba Vang Pagoda, the
wedding of two young couples, Ngo Trong Hieu and Pham Thi
Vui, and Nguyen Tuan Anh and Le
Thi Van Anh, took place in a
warm and solemn atmosphere, witnessed
by the Venerable monks and nuns of Ba Vang Pagoda and in
the presence of their families,
friends, relatives, and guests.
During the ceremony, the Abbot bestowed upon
the newlyweds valuable teachings
on filial piety to repay the kindness and
nurturing of their parents, the
responsibilities and intentions of husband and wife towards
each other, the Buddha's teachings for building a
truly lasting and happy family, the
meaning of karma, the reverence for parents, and the guidance of the family
to
cultivate wisdom, strength, and compassion. The
family representative also emotionally advised the
couple to live happily together as
taught by the
Venerable monks.  We respectfully bow to the Buddha
and offer thanks to the monks and our parents.
The ceremony included a pure vegetarian feast, meticulously prepared by
the Buddhists of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
further warming the hearts
of the families and the congregation. We pray that
the families will always find moments
of inner peace in Tam Dao, and that husbands,
wives, and children will enjoy complete happiness.
Dear esteemed guests, for many
years, and especially during holidays such as April 30th, May
1st, and September 2nd, Tuan
Chau Island has attracted many
domestic and international tourists for
relaxation. Tourists come to Tuan
Chau Island not only for its ancient beauty but also
for its clean, calm, and
somewhat wild and
charming beaches. However, this seemingly peaceful world of water also hides
unpredictable dangers,
as death occasionally claims
the lives of some beachgoers.
Concerned for the safety of tourists, the
management board of Ha Long Bay Trading Company
has repeatedly sought the help of sorcerers and
feng shui masters, but to no avail.  Things
remained unchanged
when the right circumstances arose. The company's management team
decided to turn to the Three Jewels for
guidance, inviting monks from Ba Vang Pagoda and, with
the support of the
Golden Club, to the company headquarters to perform a prayer ceremony for peace and
safety. They guided the company's staff in chanting sutras on karma, repentance, and offerings to the Three Jewels, dedicating the merits to the wandering, hungry spirits and generals in this coastal area. Everything has now been settled.
Today, I am truly
moved because everyone was in a bit rushed.
Yesterday, I went to the pagoda to ask the
monk to come and help the self-
help teams complete the preparations.
I myself have no
experience in this matter, but I was very
fortunate that the monk agreed to come
today, helping our company have the
ceremony right before the SIM festival, the
Thai Xuong festival, and other events with many
guests,
ensuring everything went smoothly. I was
also very touched by the enthusiastic help and guidance from
the
ladies and gentlemen in the Buddhist community.
We will guide our staff to
arrange a very solemn ceremony,
praying for all employees
of this private company to deeply believe in
karma, abandon evil, and do good. Cultivating compassion and
complete faith in the Three Jewels will ensure that in
future lives, wherever we are reborn, we will meet and be
assured of cultivating the
true Dharma of the Buddha-lands. On
the morning of April 9th, 2017 (the year of the
Rooster), after observing the Eight Precepts, with the
permission of the ancient Ba Vang Pagoda, the
Golden Club held a
chanting meeting under the chairmanship of its chairwoman, Ms.
Pham Thi Yen,
with the aim of bringing the light of Buddhism
to the community,
increasing people's appreciation for
Buddhism through the club's support.
When families have important events, the
club chairwoman encouraged everyone to
prepare
a solemn and
sincere heart, relying on the Sangha and the
harmonious practice of the club.
Ms.
Yen also dedicated herself to assisting families.  A considerable amount of time was devoted
to guiding the entire group in various rituals such as
the Lotus Sutra and the
Ullambana Sutra, one of the sutras
commonly used in funerals.
All members of the club joyfully
tried their hand at chanting the sutras
and were determined to learn and convey the
heartfelt teachings of the club leader to families.
During the
club's regular meetings on the 3rd,
8th, and 20th of April in the year of the Rooster (2017), Ms.
Pham Thi Yen continued to work harmoniously with the other
practitioners in the club,
exchanging thoughts based on the practice of the
Dharma and the factors of enlightenment through
lectures by the abbot. This allowed them to gain
insight into issues in
daily life and the practice of lay
Buddhists, addressing daily worries and concerns
such as: "Before, when I was a saint, I
took [money] and now I'm afraid to let go," and how to behave when
dealing with money.
Surely, the lectures
could help lay Buddhists thoroughly resolve their
difficulties and obstacles while still protecting their minds.  The
club president
also advised
everyone to be cautious in commenting on and
evaluating articles that are incorrect or not in
accordance with the Dharma, to avoid
intentionally or unintentionally
creating negative karma.
Ms. Yen also encouraged everyone to
regularly practice the Buddha's
teachings, observe their own minds to eliminate
afflictions, and practice offerings to gain wisdom from the Three Jewels, such
as the Amitabha Buddha.
[Music]
Because the time for the Dharma discussion session is
limited, Buddhists and everyone
interested in learning more can access the
Facebook page of Pham Thi Hien Tam Chieu Hoan Quan
or the fan page of the Golden Club of
Luc Hoa and listen to the
replayed lectures on YouTube so that we can all
equally share about the Dharma.
Thank you sincerely. As usual, over the
past month, members have been
assigned to visit families inside and
outside the club to chant sutras, pray for peace, perform
groundbreaking ceremonies, and offer weekly prayers when the homeowner requests it. The opening of the
chanting ceremony is under the
guidance of the Dharma leaders
in the club, which is also a method.  It is convenient to bring
the Light of Buddhist Dharma closer to the community
while also preserving the fine customs and
traditions of the
Vietnamese people. For example, in a family, when there is a major event, the
first thing to do is turn to the Buddha to
ask for his blessings. Similarly, a child
invites their parents to receive guidance and instruction. This
is a heart of reverence and gratitude from the
beginning. By cultivating this deep reverence, the
children will also receive the same virtue.
Therefore, families also come here to cultivate blessings and blessings. Alongside the Dharma assembly for peace and well-being,
members of the club
also organize chanting and support for
those possessed by spirits
at the Dharma assembly held at the home of Buddhist follower Hoang Thi Thu at the main Thuan Dharma center. These individuals, lacking the means to set up a chanting and repentance ceremony at home,
also enthusiastically help and guide them in
performing good deeds to
reintegrate into life. Often,
those possessed by spirits for a long time have
gradually lost their consciousness and life and
work skills, so this activity is extremely
meaningful.  The club aims to help them return to
normal life. Although life at
home is still full of worries and hardships,
with a sincere
desire for liberation, the members of the
club still manage to arrange their work while
ensuring a life of moderation and contentment. They have
also participated in Buddhist activities from the beginning of April
until now. The club has arranged for
monks to perform ceremonies for a family with a
49-day memorial service in Cao Xanh, a
funeral in Thai Binh, 10 weekly memorial services,
11 anniversary memorial services for three families, renovated incense burners for
Buddha worship in Ha Long, families in Phai held prayer ceremonies and
repentance rituals in Ha Long
and Hai Phong, helped two families in Ha Long break
ground for new houses, and held a wedding ceremony
at Ba Vang Pagoda. Although the number of Buddhist activities is
not large, what is precious is that the
club members have been practicing the
Buddha's teachings, applying them to their
daily lives and practicing harmonious cultivation to
transform their minds. The
above information concludes the April news bulletin of the
Golden Club of Loc Hoa Cam for the year of the Rooster (2017).  Thank you for your
attention. We wish
you peace of mind and body, all your
wishes come true, and a peaceful life guided by the
Dharma of the Buddhas. For any questions,
please send them to the Luc Hoa A Cong club's email address:
gmail.com.